feat: add docker installation doc (#118)
beclab/docs: docs/manual/get-started/install-olares-docker.md

---
outline: [2, 3]
---

> # Install Olares using Docker image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Install Olares using a Docker image
```

Reviewer: I prefer to add "a" for grammar clarity. But as a title, I think it is also acceptable to go without "a".

- `-v oic-data:/var`: Binds a Docker volume (`oic-data`) to the `/var` directory inside the container to persist data.
- `--name oic`: Names the container `oic` for easier reference.
- `beclab/olares:latest`: Specifies the Olares Docker image and version.

:::warning Do not add the `--rm` flag
The `--rm` flag automatically deletes the container after it stops. If this happens, you will not be able to restart the container and will need to uninstall and reinstall Olares to run it again. Without the `--rm` flag, the container persists after it stops, so you can restart it later using the `docker start` command.
:::

## Prepare installation environment for Olares
Once the container is running, run the following:
```bash
docker exec -it oic olares-install
```
This command sets up Olares to the "Prepare" phase. After this step, you can continue installing and activating Olares using LarePass.
## Install and activate Olares

:::warning Same network required
To avoid activation failures, ensure that both your phone and the Olares device are connected to the same network.
:::

1. Open LarePass, on your account activation page, tap **Discover nearby Olares**.

> 2. Select your self-hosted Olares device, and tap **Install now**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select the target self-hosted Olares device, and tap **Install now**.
```
